fix: missed "no click heres" (#1110)
celestiaorg/docs: docs/nodes/full-storage-node.mdx

### Optional: start the full storage node with SystemD

> Follow the tutorial on
> [setting up Celestia App as a background process with SystemD](./systemd.md).

Reviewer: [blocking] Since this page is for full storage nodes, I don't think this should state Celestia App. Proposal to do something like:

```suggestion
If you would like to run the full storage node as a background process, follow the [SystemD tutorial](./systemd.md).
```

Author: absolutely, thanks Rootul.
